I just landed a huge deal for you
and then you tell me I'm going to take 5% less this year?
You are replaceable.
You say that kind of stuff a lot
and that's why Brian Peters wrote "You're a jackass" on your parking curb.
What the hell, Dan?!
That was one year ago.
The next day I started my own company.
I only have two employees...
one's too old
and one's too young
I've never been on a business trip before!
I'm pretty jacked!
Can you NOT say your whole name today?
Because the client could lose focus.
Hello!
I'm Mike Pancake.
What was your last name?
Pancake?
Like breakfast?
It's Greek.
It's delicious!
Yum!
The good news is we nailed a big deal and we're traveling to Germany to shake on it!
Hey, Dan.
You've gotta be kidding me.
This deal may not be done -
Dan, this is Chuck Portnoy who you know, don't you?
Those pants are so tight - is that a crease?
No, I don't have a crease, thank you.
Slit?
No.
There's space.
There is no space.
There's actually space.
It's alarming.
You're telling me we're bankrupt?
If we don't close this deal.
We're the little guy taking on the big guy.
You're going to go up against me and Dynamic Systems?
We're going to be hard to beat.
The first rule is, show the client a good time.
Let's party!
Snoop Lion, probably time to pass that.
Just do it, throw it!
Ooohhhh!
What - what happened?
The second rule...
How you doin? I'm here for a meeting?
Forget all the other rules.
You okay, Dan?
I'm not crying, it's just poison in my eyes.
If we close this deal
I want to make love to a woman wheelbarrow position.
How is it a wheelbarrow?
One person's legs are being held up.
Does that feel good?
No.
Maybe we should just try to do it normal.
Maybe put me down?
When you get a chance?
I'm losing confidence in the team.
I'm next on the upgrade list!
Sorry, I'd give you my seat, but I've never been upgraded.
That's alright.
But I appreciate you.
It is an honor to sit in front of you.
Please, I'd like you to have the seat.